Update CLI docs (#886)
conduktor/conduktor-docs: guide/conduktor-in-production/automate/cli-automation.mdx

<Tabs>
<Tab title="Admin API key">

Admin API keys grant the maximum permissions on Console.

<Tabs>
  <Tab title="CLI">

```bash title="Generate an admin key named 'my-admin-key'"
conduktor token create admin my-admin-key
```

  </Tab>
  <Tab title="UI">
Go to **Settings** > **API Keys** and select **New API Key**:
![Create API Key](/images/admin-keys.png)
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

</Tab>
<Tab title="Self-service Application API key">

Self-service Application API key permissions are **limited to the scope of the ApplicationInstance** for which they have been generated. [Find out more about Self-service](/guide/use-cases/self-service).

  <Tabs>
  <Tab title="CLI">

```bash title="Generate an application API key named 'my-admin-key' for the application 'my-app-instance'"
conduktor token create application-instance -i=my-app-instance my-app-instance-key
```

  </Tab>
  <Tab title="UI">

Go to **Applications**, pick your **Application** and **Application Instance**, then go to the **API Keys** tab and click **New API Key**:
![Cluster identity](/images/create-app-api-key.png)

  </Tab>
  </Tabs>
</Tab>
</Tabs>

### Authenticate to Console using user credentials

> You can simply set the username and password of the **local** or **LDAP** user and use the CLI, or create an associate short-live API key. This type of API key will have the permissions of the user who created it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can simply set the username and password of the **local** or **LDAP** user and use the CLI, or create an associated short-lived API key. This type of API key will have the permissions of the user who created it.
```

Use "conduktor [command] --help" for more information about a command.
```

### Apply

The `apply` command allows you to deploy any resource.

```
Usage:
  conduktor apply [flags]

Flags:
      --dry-run            Test potential changes without the effects being applied
  -f, --file stringArray   Specify the files or folders to apply. For folders, all .yaml or .yml files within the folder will be applied, while files in subfolders will be ignored.
  -h, --help               help for apply
      --parallelism int    Run each apply in parallel, useful when applying a large number of resources. Must be less than 100. (default 1)

>   -r, --recursive          Apply all .yaml or .yml files in the specified folder and its subfolders. If not set, only files in the specified folder will be applied.

Author: This is taken from our CLI directly, so I cannot override what has been written in our product.

You can also save the output in a file, in order to edit it before applying it:

```bash
conduktor template KafkaCluster -o definition.yml
conduktor template Topic >> definition.yml   #Appending to an existing file
vim definition.yml
conduktor apply -f definition.yml
```

### Delete

> The `delete` command allows you to delete a resource. It works the same way as the apply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `delete` command allows you to delete a resource. It works the same way as the `apply`.
```

```

### Token

To run your CI/CD pipelines, you can use the `token` command to manage your API keys.

```bash title="Create an admin API keys"
conduktor token create admin my_first_admin_token
```

```bash title="List Console admin API keys"
conduktor token list admin
```

```bash title="Create an application instance API key"
conduktor token create application-instance -i=my_instance my_token_for_my_instance
```

```bash title="List API keys of an application instance"
conduktor token list application-instance -i=my_instance
```

```bash title="Delete an API key"
conduktor token delete 1233ff18-0e95-4638-b3fc-f55e20088b8d
```

### Run

The `run` command allows you to run a few actions:

```
Usage:
  conduktor run [flags]
  conduktor run [command]

Available Commands:
  generateServiceAccountToken    Generate a token for a service account on a virtual cluster
  partnerZoneGenerateCredentials generate a token for a partner zone service account
  whoami                         Return information about the credentials configured in the CLI

Flags:
  -h, --help   help for run

Global Flags:
      --permissive   Permissive mode, allow undefined environment variables

>   -v, --verbose      Show more information for debugging

Author: Same reason as above, I cannot override what has been written in our product.
